# Personal North Stars ⭐ Refresh
This is a refresh for FY25 of my approach to management and creating an environment for creativity and growth.  It’ll come as no surprise that my north stars are inspired by my graduate studies, especially the research of Teresa Amabile and Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi.
### ⭐ Purpose and Clarity
At The New York Times I internalized a powerful principle: speak truth to power. Know your principles, your standards, and what you’re in pursuit of. I will always have your back if you are coming in good faith in pursuit of craft and quality. Ultimately, each task we undertake should be guided by clear and meaningful goals. I believe in the power of purpose to fuel focus and help guide decisions. If ever the direction feels unclear, or in some way against the principles you work with, let’s talk about it.
### ⭐The Right Balance of Challenge
Our work should be both engaging and rewarding. I aim to provide my team with opportunities that match their skills and challenge you just enough to inspire growth without overwhelm. There is a formula to above average learning, and it’s well studied. This is science, and the flow lies in that sweet spot of skill and ambition. Let’s find that balance together. 
Helping people find the flow brings me joy and fills my cup. Let me know when you feel overwhelmed or underwhelmed. The sweet spot is a solid ‘whelmed’ (also known as the zone of proximal development!) when you are just outside your comfort zone and collaborate with someone when you need back up.
### ⭐Creating Space for Deep Focus
The conditions for creativity in the traditional workplace are all wrong. We have to do so much extra work to create the conditions for the deep focus and creative flow that the work requires. This is what I went to graduate school to study, and I am asking for your trust when I do things a little differently. I am deeply committed to helping create an environment where you can focus on the meaningful work that drives our work forward and allows us to lead the way.
Aside from ecosystem restoration, the psychology of creativity is my favorite topic to talk about. Let me know if there are meetings, projects, distractions that are in your way. Block off your schedule for focus, it’s your time.
#### ⭐Divergent Thinking
Don’t ignore that feeling that says “hmm, I wonder what would happen if we…” — some of the best projects at GitHub started as passion week explorations and collaborations. Make pitching ideas a practice. When we routinely engage in work that resonates with us, our creativity flourishes. I always try to create or identify opportunities for exploration and innovation, and invite you to do the same. We are inventing the future in the age of AI. We haven’t been where we’re going, and the world hasn’t yet seen what we’re creating.
### ⭐Autonomy
Your autonomy is paramount. I trust in your abilities and judgment, and my role is to support you while providing the freedom to explore, experiment, and grow. Let me know the minute you feel like you’re losing it for whatever reason. It is the hill I die on and will drop (almost) everything to course correct to protect your ability to make decisions.
### ⭐Growth Mindset
Humans are meant to learn. Curiosity, experimentation, play, safe failure, and learning from mistakes are non-negotiables on my team. This means a culture of trust, kindness, and having each other’s backs. I invite you to look up Amabile’s creativity killers, or the importance of growth mindset (the research of Carol Dweck) and weave that into your day. Learning is not a “nice to have” but a canary in the coal mine. If learning stops, so does creativity. 
### ⭐Feedback as a Tool for Growth
Your path is yours to shape. As I always say: hold your own ruler. You are the one who knows yourself best, and my work is to help match your skills, talents, and ambitions with the goals and opportunities available. I aim to clear the path for you to do your best work. My promise to you is to provide thoughtful, actionable, and timely feedback that helps you illuminate your path, and my dream is for you to have a clear vision of what your path is and feel confident that you’re walking on it. Feedback should flow back and forth, and feel like a collaboration not a criticism. I have had the privilege of hiring some of the most creative and wonderful people from around the world, and I am deeply eager to learn from you. My goal is for both of us to be better because we work with each other.

